feat: add GitHub issue and PR templates (#37)
carpentries-incubator/hpc-workflows: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

_If this pull request addresses an open issue on the repository, please add 'Closes #NN' below, where NN is the issue number._

**Description**
Please briefly summarise the changes made in the pull request, and the reason(s) for making these changes.

**Related issues**
If any relevant discussions or issues have taken place elsewhere, please provide links here.

**Checklist**

> - [ ] I have read the [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: The CONTRIBUTING.md is not in the .github folder but rather in the main directory. Therefore we need to adjust the link such that it resolves correctly.

```suggestion
- [ ] I have read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/hpc-workflows/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

- [ ] My changes follow the style and structure of this lesson.
- [ ] I have tested any new workflow examples or code snippets.

---

<details>

> For more guidance on how to contribute changes to a Carpentries project, please review [The Carpentries Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more guidance on how to contribute changes to a Carpentries project, please review [The HPC Carpentry Code of Conduct](https://www.hpc-carpentry.org/code-of-conduct/).
```
I would use here the HPC Carpentries Code of Conduct as the lesson is related to HPC Carpentry

> For more guidance on how to contribute changes to a Carpentries project, please review [The Carpentries Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html).

Reviewer: As this lesson is related to HPC Carpentry, it makes sense to point to the Code of Conduct from HPC Carpentry even though they are of course related to The Carpentries.

```suggestion
For more guidance on how to contribute changes to a HPC Carpentries project, please review [The HPC Carpentries Code of Conduct](https://www.hpc-carpentry.org/code-of-conduct/).
```

> Please keep in mind that lesson Maintainers are volunteers and it may be some time before they can respond to your contribution. Although not all contributions can be incorporated into the lesson materials, we appreciate your time and effort to improve the curriculum.

Reviewer: I add a final sentence with contact information such that interested contributors can reach out to HPC Carpentries.
```suggestion
Please keep in mind that lesson Maintainers are volunteers and it may be some time before they can respond to your contribution. Although not all contributions can be incorporated into the lesson materials, we appreciate your time and effort to improve the curriculum. If you have any questions about the lesson maintenance process or would like to volunteer your time as a contribution reviewer, please contact [The HPC Carpentries Team](https://www.hpc-carpentry.org/contact/).
```
